Improvements / Changes over the Specification:

  - `now-online` and `now-offline` transition events fired at the cache host
    level (so `document` for my library) when a connectivity transition has
    been detected.
    
    BEWARE: these are very similar to the "online" and "offline" events
    introduced in Firefox 3, [described here on MDC][oevents]. For now,
    I will not transition to these events to prevent duplicate invokations.
    Developers that wish to use both, may simply register the same
    handler to both events, and be aware of the potential for duplication.
    
        function handler() { ... }
        document.addEventListener('online', handler, false);
        document.addEventListener('now-online', handler, false);

  - `DataCache.getManagedItems` returns an Array of all the items stored in
    the particular cache, with the form:

        { uri: <string>, item: <CacheItem> }

  - `eachModificationSince` will go back through everything if the
    `lowVersion` is null.

  - when the item callback for `eachModificationSince` is triggered the library
    provides a second parameter with the resolved URI of the item. This is
    because `uri` is missing from the `CacheItem` IDL.

  - `navigator.removeRegisteredOfflineHandlers` removes all registered
    local server handlers.

  - A standard set of Http Status values in `Http.Status`. For example:
  
        response.setStatus(200, Http.Status[200]); // "OK"

  - `window.openNewDataCache()` forces creating a new data cache with
     a new version number. This uses the same algorithm as creating a
     new data cache for an online transation.

[oevents]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en/Online%2f%2fOffline_Events